Ya Ya Ya
It's okay, if you squat down, I'll just spank me
How dare you blind me in the face?
charge
As a security guard, you dare to make trouble here
Quickly kneel down and apologize to you Xiaoqiang
Apologize
Otherwise, I will deduct your money.
Captain Ma, this is all my fault
I knelt down and apologized to Xiaoqiang
Don't deduct the salary for the small house, what's that?
Don't be angry, beautiful woman
Women's thoughts
It's not expensive. What?
Okay, Sister Sun told Mom to take good care of you.
You're not obedient, it seems, hey, you don't want money.
It's useless to lose money
How dare you hit me?
You shot too hard
He actually knocked out a mouth full of teeth
It's crazy, don't worry
You get more insane.
What do you want to do for dinner?
If you want to hit me, Sun Shang will never let you go
Just talking about some interest
Infinity
Finally
Hahaha